Known bugs:

- the most critical one: for some strange reason, mxPlay will 
  sometime cause bus error. It occurs not very frequently. The most 
  probably the instability is caused by some plugin(s) but.. I'm not 
  100% sure.. so please, try to catch at least WHEN it occurs or 
  better, try to look into source for the case I something 
  overlooked..

- text fields doesn't work under XaAES. Ozk did make some changes to 
  CFLib and I'm not sure if this isn't the problem.

- text cursor in text field is initialized on a bad position

- problems with drag&drop/va-start/argv. No, this is NOT an mxPlay 
  bug. Just to want to tell you the only desktop which handles these 
  issues correctly is Teradesk (since I flooded the author with the 
  ton of bugreports ;-). Thing is on the second place and the worst 
  one from this point of view is Jinnee. Yeah yeah, try to contact 
  ASH... :)

- mute isn't working. I know, I'm planning to implement some working 
  version.. but nobody stops you to send me better one :)

- icon redraw errors under TOS. For some strange reason TOS instead 
  of selecting some icon inverse the current bitmap. This happens 
  only if you click on some icon. So for example, press '*' and 
  playlist icon will be (de)activating with no problem. But If you 
  click on this icon, you will see strange rectangle around it...

- generally, there's quite big chance you observe some bus error 
  under TOS... I'm really sorry for that - since mxPlay uses 
  resizable, on-the-fly constructed dialogs there's a lot of tricky 
  AES stuff.. mxPlay was developed under XaAES, Xi is using MagiC and 
  from time to time I switched to N.AES.. so be patient and report 
  bugs :)

- flashing scrolling line - this isn't a bug, it's just slowness of 
  AES and/or CPU you use.. little hint: try to locate panel as on 
  bottom as possible :)

If you find any other bugs or you find some solution how to fix 
these, don't hesistate to contact me:

miro.kropacek@gmail.com
